imagine waking up in an apartment that's
barely bigger than two Pham boots put
together having only had 4 hours of
sleep you stayed up late because you
have to work multiple jobs just to cover
rent food and student loans in an
expensive city like so you start working
your first job of the day trying your
best to not make any mistake but you
inevitably do given your chronic lack of
sleep your boss choose you out for it
but all you can think about is the two
additional shifts you have later that
night you do hope to find someone to
date and married and have kids in the
future and perhaps you aspire to buy a
house for this future family but with
each passing day this future seems
increasingly impossible to obtain the
housing prices and the cost of living
continue to rise while your wage remains
stagnant so one day you might feel that
you've had enough you're burnt out you
hate your life you want to give up
because well it'd be nice to sleep a bit
more than 4 hours a night and now live
in such a claustrophobic place even
though this means you would need to move
back with your parents perhaps you're
okay with that because you've decided
that you would never own a home or have
a family you've given up on that future
just surviving day by day is enough for
now this is the reality of many
Millennials and genz living in Korea
today so much so that there's a new
Korean term coin for this called n po
generation PO is sure for the Korean
word pog
which means to give up the term used to
be called three Poole generation
referring to a generation of people who
have given up on the three major
milestones in life dating marriage and
children the term then expanded to five
pole generation including the two
additional Milestones of home ownership
and career goals and this number just
continue to increase the track
additional life goals that people are
giving up and we got seven pole
generation and later nine pole
generation and at some point people just
stop counting and just call it empo
generation with the letter N referring
to an unknown number the term now refers
to people who have given up on life's
pursuit in general now this sounds sad
there should be nothing good about a
generation of disenfranchised young
people given up on life but I'm not here
to Simply complain about how dark and
Bleak it all is believe it or not I'm
actually here to inspire you with the
story but in order to get to how this
Dreadful social phenomenon could have
any threat of Silver Lining we need to
talk about the context of why this
happens in the first place in other
words what are the social and cultural
and political and economic factors that
resulted in a society in which young
people are giving up on life we can
start with the Korean culture around
universities while here in the west we
have trending slogans like college is a
scam and escape the matrix the older
generation of Koreans love universities
to them college is as much a place to
acquire skills and employment Prospect
as it is a place to acquire social
Prestige and fulfill cultural
expectations so much so that many of
them push their children to attend
universities Without Really questioning
the Practical utility of a college
degree this resulted in the most
educated Society in the modern world
Korea had the highest level of tertiary
education amongst all oecd countries for
its youth population in 2023 with nearly
70% of young people having a college
degree of some kind this seems like a
good thing but it's created certain
problems to start it decreased the value
of college degree right diamond is
valuable because it's rare if diamonds
are as abundant as water no one will buy
them this intuition can be applied in a
way to college degree as well if the
number of jobs stay the same the more
people have college degree the less
valuable they become in the job market
this is especially the case in the
Korean economy which can be described as
rather monopolistic the Korean economy
is dominated by a handful of large
family-owned conglomerates known as
chaos chaos dominate key Industries in
Korea and have significant influence
over the economy it is therefore hard
for new and smaller companies to compete
with them this decreased Market compet
comptition leads to fewer job creation
which means more Highly Educated college
graduates have to fight over the same
number of jobs this results in
underemployment where many young Koreans
settle for jobs they are either
overqualified for or jobs that are not
relevant to their education these jobs
often don't pay as well causing the
necessity to work multiple jobs to save
up for the future and all this happens
against the backdrop of the Korean
Society which is wealthy but with large
inequality and not the best social
Mobility a significant portion of
Korea's wealth is owned by the top aelon
of the population with a considerable
portion controlled by the chable
families additionally a recent survey in
Korea showed that the parents background
was key to their children's success this
means that if you're not born into a
wealthy family it's much harder for you
to get ahead in life instead you'd watch
your peers who have won the genetic
Lottery fly by as you remain stuck in
place seemingly no matter how hard you
work which likely contributed to many
young people joining the impo generation
Club this is reflected in this year's
record high number of young careas who
have given up on looking for jobs
altogether now this seems pretty dark at
this point we've got a group of Highly
Educated young people who find
themselves in a society that is wealthy
but oppressive they see see the
abundance that is all around them yet
Out Of Reach they see wealth being
enjoyed by the top Echelon of society
while they are at the bottom fighting
for scraps and now they've grown tired
of this fight and given up on life at
this point you might find my earlier
remark about this story being one of
inspiration confusing because what can
be so inspiring about this depressing
picture well my friends this is where
things get interesting this is where it
gets good underneath this rather
depressing social phenomenon is
something much more hopeful and
promising despite what it seems on the
surface empo generation is not just
about surrendering in the face of life's
difficulty it also represents a
rebellion of sort this Rebellion is
quiet and subtle yet firm in its
intention it's almost too nuanced to
detect but once you see it it's
impossible to Look Away what we have
here is a rebellion against societal
Norm where young people have decided to
Charter their own course rather than
blindly following the rad race of
society they're not giving up on these
life goals rather they are actively
rejecting them they're not saying oh I
can't have this therefore I'm sad
they're saying [__] you I don't want it
they have considered the goals that
their societies and culture and family
have conditioned them to want and
decided that these goals are not for
them that they would start thinking for
themselves and pursue something else
instead there are two parallel ideas
that started trending simultaneously
with this phenomenon of empo generation
in Korea that illustrates this the first
is Yolo which stands for you only live
once it's an idea that encourages people
to embrace life and take risks and live
in the moment YOLO has become a popular
hashtag on Korean social media and it's
influence on young Korean is evident in
their spending habits recent Trend
indicate that Korean youth are
increasingly engaging in higher spending
particularly on luxury goods and
accumulating significant credit card
debt now this is unusual especially in
contrast with Korea's eastern and
western neighbors namely Japan and China
Japan has always been a Frugal country
and that's not changing with their
current generation and Chinese youth
seems to have become so afraid of
spending money that it's partially
causing the economic slowdown of the
Chinese economy Korean youth on the
other hand are making it rain with
credit cards like there's no tomorrow
now YOLO in my opinion is a drug that
can be healing or killing depending on
the dosage in moderation it promotes a
daring attitude to seize the day but
it's clear that at least some Koreans
are overdosing on YOLO wrecking up tens
of thousands of dollars of credit card
debts and frankly at risk of bankruptcy
so ulo by itself does not necessarily
indicate something positive it only
reveals a shift in priority from the
future to the present but when coupled
with the other Trend the story becomes
clear trending alongside hashtag Yolo is
another hashtag that seems to mean the
same thing but with a very different
implications this hashtag term is called
so hang unlike you soak hang means the
small but certain happiness in life soak
hang does not require a heroic effort to
obtain rather it is already here now you
might just be overlooking it it's the
simple joy of Watering your plants or
sipping a glass of ice water or driving
to work in the morning while watching
the sunrise if YOLO represents a change
of priority from the future to the
present then so hang represents what one
discovers in the present upon this
change of priority it's the realization
that one might have been foolish all
along chasing after a way of living
dictated by Society while overlooking
the joy that is already here that we've
been so busy trying to fulfill everyone
else's expectation that we've forgotten
about the one person that is more
important still ourselves now I'm not
saying that all of the empo generation
are positive in this way I'm sure there
are some youths who are truly
disenfranchised and have given up on
life with no Silver Lining and to them
impo generation might represents nothing
more profound than a few months of
Reckless spending and mountains of
credit card debts for some Korean youths
impo generation is nothing more than a
coping mechanism but for others it
represents a restatement of value
they're challenging the traditional
definitions of success rather than
pursuing conventional Milestones
dictated by society that they start to
focus on attainable and personally
meaningful goals instead some of them
have stopped looking for conventional
jobs instead opting for Gig works
freelancing and Entrepreneurship many
started practicing minimalism and
prioritizing their life over their work
some of them might take a year off and
travel the world or otherwise explore
creative Pursuits and other passion
projects in general this reflects an
interesting cultural shift across
generation in Korea Korea as with other
East Asian countries heavily influenced
by Confucianism are collectivist Society
they traditionally prioritize social
cohesion over individual happiness empo
generation then represents a cultural
movement towards the individualistic
side where young people are starting to
prioritize their own happiness over
fulfilling the expectations of the group
they belong to now I'm not one to reject
tradition for its own sake in my opinion
there's a reason why certain lessons
survived through the generations but at
the same time I recognize that we live
in a world that is changing faster than
any other time in human history this
means that although certain lessons from
the past remain useful in general the
way that we apply them in the present
might need a change so if empo
generation represents young people's
exploration outside of tradition I hope
they eventually find their ways back to
it that through their Adventure they
find ways to integrate the lessons of
the past with the everchanging future
and apply them gainfully in the present
and I hope that we too find courage in
their story to do the same in our own
life